So in this lecture we will be wearing the same thing.
That is Murdoch's cover, but we'll be calling it in DFS menu.
Right.
So of course guys are DB was also DFS manner, but that was pure recursion and then we optimized it
memories that right.
But now what I'll do is I just perform one DFS and in there DFS will be feeling the values right but
they are difference rate and you'll notice a difference when the electrons but.
Please see this.
What I do, I just initially call it the office.
I started the office from one plus zero at its parent.
And what I do is, after calling the office, I will just go into nothing but a minimum of one zero
comma.
DP 111.
So that's what is.
What was needed in the interim.
Performing a DFS, what will do DFS would be performative is on the whole Tre and Phil, the DP values
this DP 88 So firstly, let's initialize this debris.
And it's that idea, this void, the office.
And in this one, I haven't encouraged an experience.
So here you can see I haven't taken big or not while I guess it's great because when I'm performing
to you but I'm going on every not exactly once correct because that would be do and if I'm going on
every node exactly once then what I will do is.
I've been away from the office and whenever I'm going to an hour I call for its download against performative
is on its children and then I feel the values.
But what I do is nothing but four or two eggs in.
We are designed to list if X is not equal to pairing.
What I'll do is I'll simply say, okay, so before moving forward, let me fill these cases, which
is the P current zero is zero.
And the big orange one is one.
So basically I'm handling both the cases in one DFS only, and you'll realize this further.
Also, if an X is not equal to pairing realities, I DFS go perform DFS on x and current is the new
bin and after performing this DFS.
So this is important.
If I okay let me facilitated then we'll move back to.
But what is deep current zero?
If I'm not taking the current one, I have to take the others one.
Right.
That means plus equals to BP x one.
Correct.
And what is the p current one?
That means I'm taking the current naught.
It means I'm in.
May not take the dilute.
Beaumont the peaks one.
But it.
This is normal.
We have a solution.
I'm just performing a deal.
If you don't see this and this, you can easily see it's.
Nothing would be if it's not going to the live.
No.
Normally if this involve performing their DFS, what I'm doing is I'm trying to fill the DB.
But I just remember one thing.
That this is a lot different from this.
Eight two.
This will not work.
Why would this not work?
Because I'm filling some current value with using the x value without actually killing the x values.
C d.
B of x will only be filled if the fs x is called first.
But what's happening is I'm I'm under I'm carrying note.
I've called go perform DFS on X what all it's in and I'm just performing some DFS.
I'm going to perform that behave as I'm coming back from DFS eight so.
I mean back from the office.
That means MP X will be filled because when I performed the office one x, that means the x zero must
have initialized the explanation, it must have initialized and this value must have been in 4x8.
Its deep states have been filled after I come back here on this line 90.
Correct.
This is very important to understand.
I know this might be confusing, but if you've read this section of the course, then it should not
be confusing because first the DFS is being performed and then we are failing the values.
Not right.
So in this case, what will happen?
The DFS performed his field.
Now I can use to be fully depicted.
So I'm using the pigs to fill be beginning and finally I'm printing whatever the minimum.
So when the defense values perform its deep values this field and just printing the minimum.
But this is another solution for the same problem.
So this is just performing a DFS.
Of course we can also do it using a BFS.
We have to, but we have to start with the reverse BFS.
If you want me to call it, I can call it using DFS.
Also, I can explain you the code.
In that case, what we do is we will start from the leaf nodes and will move upwards and perform a BFS
and keep on feeling the values.
Because for any DP current I need to be.
And maybe I can leave that code to you.
That how to.
Or in the next Bible, what we'll do is I simply couldn't convey it.
I will simply go with the beliefs approach of this same problem, isn't it?
We'll see in the next part.
Everyone, I hope this is very clear.
Thanks.